https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w  # CGP Grey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA  # Veritasium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nSFpj9HTCZ5t-N3Rm3-HA  # Vsauce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi5N_uAqApEUIlg32QzkPlg  # Bret Weinstein
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB37CFICVTUlewYdbMSChIA  # Tichys Einblick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ8uFo1RKSgEg-od3Yu10Pw  # Martin Sellner	
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxQdpLijLxJTXUgmM03xT0g  # Eigentümlich Frei
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiRVmVeSnNMh0A2XLvai_fQ  # Detlef Bräunig
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDterCkvuZs8TivMid75DoQ  # Michael Klonovsky
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLkHXX5R9S_qFZuCMGHWMrQ  # In Dubio - Achgut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5tEELgWBfKbA9fVPRzBzPQ  # Gonzalo Lira
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJdKr0Bgd_5saZYqLCa9mng  # Rubin Report
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfsuI3-92QNO3DVy06PO9wg  # Skeptic Magazine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZWlSUNDvCCS1hBiXV0zKcA  # Prager U
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqSahhEj5Df21k8cpN_EItg  # Idiotenwatch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmumalD764dGJjdu5EJ2pMw  # Desiderius Erasmus Stiftung
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpMzD_-D1R71ZLPbmrvf6Kg  # Bibliothek des Konservatismus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiTKi7Ahf3E2yMGpmIxSvgw  # Deutschlandkurier
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuoKuTCQ9dmPIgOgyLm9HgQ  # Samuel Kim Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXJBRgiZRZvfilIGQ4wN5CQ  # Junge Freiheit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi5RJM_p1NajcGdBQfjyU4A  # Markus Gaernter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2xqE9CFcyhokm0VxdJBKpg  # Atlas Initiative
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtnYSEGViOnb7k8ezUaWUww  # John Anderson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIjuLiLHdFxYtFmWlbTGQRQ  # Peter Schiff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjB5Zb0i5q37j3yHDUECyxw  # Niall Ferguson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL_f53ZEJxp8TtlOkHwMV9Q  # Jordan Peterson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnQC_G5Xsjhp9fEJKuIcrSw  # Ben Shapiro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjwD__1zcIfzVL6l2I5uBdg  # 33Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfmOzrUPX4shSByl7fQPmGg  # WerteUnion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-ry8ngUIJHTMBWeoARZGmA  # Zeitzeugen-Portal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzWwWbbKHg4aodl0S35R6XA  # Hoover Institution
